Hi there girls and boys all
who went to my channel today I want
show our new bathroom in the new house
I hope that you will be interested in 2 such
the bathroom did this door my brother and from
solid pine
Karelian in my aman so he me
is engaged in all sorts of things from wood has become
and make the door of the box well, so on
Well, in general, we will go down and so we have this
the bathroom here is washed laundry so
I apologize for the noise while the powders are standing
everyones here then will stand here
case but furniture takakashi cabinet will pull out and
I don’t know where I'll put it
too old from apartment
laundry baskets will change the cover
because you are no longer having such baskets
she suits us very, very well
So I will sew myself a case here
next we have such a big nightstand
hanging with two drawers and a large
sink this here by the way i'm looking not
made up the mirror us big and on top
mirror lighting by the husband
so lights turn on it seems to me
cool so what I have here is on
100-year-old candle in the sink
the gel who hit my sister but I didn't
throw such a memory children do not be
these here just brought here to
put a little tiny in
put a glass on me
so here is my casket
gave children at school when I worked
I have earrings here which I take off
I put the rings there when I wash my soap
ordinary toothpaste brushes
Well, the cup is all as usual so that
me here in boxes, too, so far nothing
dismantled shampoo and all ate
here in this compartment all sorts of cream
faces and here for hair basically everything and
all sorts of probes and down there
combs are all sorts of miniatures here
Wipes Well, in general for hair gum
such stuff and here are the washcloths that we
not yet used
so here we go here towel dryer
and I can't stand the towel dryer and
but there is nothing to do because somewhere you need
dry towels so they had to
hang in here so here's the thing since
called be baby but instead of trouble
why such a sweetheart is very convenient
thing
so the very sink aira canopus sofa
and here I have
all sorts of accessories are for the shower
here by the way for children already on 1 3 or 4
buying planeta organica shampoos very
I advise a good thing a good part of all
so here gave a spiderman there
such a composition to the help of means for
dishes
the husband of my head is his principle ok
so my shaved bathroom hangs here
The cat loves us here Nyusha so bath
jacuzzi yes cool by the way thing to us
we liked not the first time
tried so laughed
it's very ticklish so here on the window
I stand orchids I think they are here
very good here we roll
curtain home and everything is closed when I lie
I open the bathroom very expensive and like this
our site looks from the window for now
we will do all this until autumn and autumn
decided to plant something there any
shrubs and trees
Here is such a tile it looks like I say
on shirt
here look an example not on small fine
small strip is not visible on the camera here
like this , everything here looks like this in
us
to turquoise i want to pick turquoise
accessories here bathroom so lamp
I will show here such lamps 2 gray
us some kind of blue-gray ceiling
Light's hidden so here
thing is nice all sorts of pipes to
to regulate the floor is warm we decided to
clean to be beautiful as they say
here and I have a rug turquoise under
curtain and will turquoise accessories
on the shell for soap and for all in this
loud i have this machine i 'm sorry
strongly for sound but no more
shoot in general so here today
he looks dark under a tree
he is such a fact tourists texture wood for me
I like the laminate and here
cats on the tray, too, I do not know the fly 2
turquoise buy nowhere to put it a cat
there is a cat that's in its place and I will
put a pencil case or any kind of hanging
pencil case in general I do not know to fold
all household chemicals
the possibility that there to remove in general
it was convenient Well, so here's my
bathroom I hope you were interested
thanks everyone for watching and everyone for now